GHOST:
Previously on Power...
Broc? Yo. what the fuck. man?
KANAN: And I trust you to do
what needs to be done here.
You remember Broc. right?
Dre went and beat the boy half to death.
Shot him in the head.
(Tense music)
Tasha. where the fuck is the gun?
Mind if we take a look in your trunk?
I ain't got nothing to hide.
(gunshots)
You know the alibi I asked you for?
- For me. Ghost. Tariq?
- Tommy.
Well. I need one more.
I saw Kanan Stark at the penthouse
during Rama's wake.
He had opportunity
to steal Tasha's gun.
Tasha went too far with that.
If we gonna be together.
that shit could happen again.
I don't want to have to do that again.
An arrest was made in the murder
of Special Agent Gregory Knox.
Mike Sandoval?
He's being remanded
to the MCC tonight.
Look. Sandoval's gonna flip.
If he knows you two killed Lobos--
Oh. he tells him that. we're fucked.
We're sitting here talking about killing
a fucking United States attorney
in a federal prison.
What about Teresi?
I need your help.
TOMMY:
Look. you got a roommate in there.
TERESI: You got a name?
(Speaking Spanish)
Feds have been sniffing around.
I guess we have no idea what
happened to Mike Sandoval.
No idea.
(Tense music)
(shutter snaps)
If Tommy Egan finds out
the truth about Tony Teresi.
he'll take care of him for both of us.
I told the Feds
I was gonna drop a dime on you.
Then I got to know you.
and I couldn't do it.
I can't get sucked back in. Jamie.
We can't keep making this a thing.
Do you still love me?
What's this about?
You are going to give us
everything you have on St. Patrick.
and everybody you are both
affiliated with.
or else you are going down
right along with them.
JOE: ♪ They say this is
a big. rich town ♪
♪ I just come
from the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it.
this is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen
to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal. baby.
I gotta make it ♪
50 CENT: ♪ I never took
a straight path nowhere ♪
♪ Life's full of twists
and turns. bumps and bruises ♪
♪ I live. I /earn ♪
♪ I'm from that city full of
yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ It's hard to get a start
in these parts without paper ♪
♪ Homey. I grew up in hell.
a block away from heaven ♪
♪ That corner every 15
minutes. they moving seven ♪
♪ Pure snow. bag it.
then watch it go ♪
♪ Occupational options.
get some blow or some hos ♪
♪ Shoot the ball or the strap.
/earn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ Fuck it. man.
in the meantime ♪
♪ Go head and pump a pack ♪
♪ This my regal. royal flow.
my James Bond bounce ♪
♪ That 007.
that's 62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm an undercover liar.
I lie under the covers ♪
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes and
tell her. baby. I love ya ♪
♪ You're my inspiration.
you're my motivation ♪
♪ You're the reason that I'm
moving with no hesitation ♪
JOE: ♪ They say this is
a big. rich town ♪
♪ Yeah. I just come
from the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it.
this is where it goes down ♪
♪ Oh. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I just happen
to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal. baby.
I gotta make it ♪
III
(Tre Mission's "Stigmata")
(sniffs)
TRE: ♪ Thinking back to the
day when I used to beg God ♪
♪ Could a nigga
get studio access? ♪
♪ And then my studio itself
got robbed ♪
♪ Though you living like
a movie. you an actress ♪
(sniffs)
(coughing)
TRE: ♪ I lost everything
due to this bullshit ♪
THES: ♪ You should know
how far that I go ♪
♪ Because on my own. I know
that with love comes war ♪
♪ Know that
with love comes war ♪
♪ You should have known
how far that I'd go ♪
♪ Because on my own. I know
that with love comes war ♪
♪ Know that
with love comes war ♪
Angie?
You in the back?
TRE: ♪ You got to keep at
least one foot to the ground ♪
♪ What. you don't know what
slipping on your pivot is ♪
♪ If it's talking about love.
I was giving it ♪
♪ But I met my demise.
it was imminent ♪
♪ Now I got stigmata.
and wine in my cup ♪
♪ She was reading the book.
I was living it ♪
(line trilling)
Angie. it's me.
We need to talk. call me back.
SAXE: What's it
gonna be. Angela?
Talk or go to jail?
MAK:
Now that your lawyer's here.
it's time to
make the decision. Angela.
We believe you colluded
with James St. Patrick
to murder AUSA Mike Sandoval.
We heard Mike
say that he has dirt on you
the night you shot him.
Now we know why.
- That's motive.
- We also suspect
you revealed Teresi's Cl status
with the intention
of having him killed
to cover the Sandoval murder.
And do you have any proof
of these allegations?
Angela. you're facing charges
of criminal conspiracy
to commit RICO.
And yet. you haven't
provided an indictment.
What's my client's incentive
for cooperating here?
MAK: We'll consider a reduced
sentence. possible immunity.
SAXE: All you have to do
is expose James St. Patrick.
who we now know is Ghost.
I don't think you know anything.
You haven't made
a single arrest.
CHARLES: I want a real offer.
Full immunity.
or she says nothing.
That's impossible.
Disbarment. suspended
sentence. witness protection.
- That's the best we can do.
- I want 24 hours to consider.
I need to talk with my family.
The clock is ticking. Angela.
(Dramatic music)
Did she cop?
JERRY: Not a goddamn word.
If these allegations
against you are true.
I would take the deal.
You are law enforcement.
If you go to prison.
you will be killed.
I strongly advise you
to take a deal
and salvage what's left
of your life.
I'll be waiting for your call.
(Tense music)
(phone clicks)
- Tasha.
- Oh. hell no.
I know you don't think
you're here to see me.
I realized dropping by
unannounced might be--
- Bullshit.
- Presumptuous.
I just wanted a chance
to explain my actions.
- I'm sorry.
- Sorry?
Terry. you had your chance.
You broke my heart.
James left me no choice.
He threatened to expose our relationship
to the ethics committee and--and--
And lie about when it started
if I didn't lie for him.
Just like I thought you would
do anything to protect me.
Stay the fuck away
from me. Terry.
And please don't be here
when I come back.
(Phone dings and buzzes)
(Tense music)
(Pounding on door)
(gun cocks)
TOMMY: Who is it?
KEISHA: It's 'Keisha.
Who?
KEISHA: It's 'Keisha!
Open the door.
Oh.
(Scoffs)
Thank God.
I've been calling you all night.
Yeah. I had something
I had to do.
Look. I ain't tryin
to sweat you. Tommy.
I was worried.
You was worried?
- Yes.
- Nothing to worry about.
You should get out of here now.
- Move.
- Hey. hey.
What the fuck is going on?
Nothing.
Nothing?
Uh-uh.
You out here wildin'. Tommy.
And I ain't never
seen you like this.
So?
So what happened?
You said
you would never lie to me.
Tell me what happened.
(scoffs)
Go home. 'Keisha.
I'll call you later.
"Go home. 'Keisha"?
Hold up.
We just had dinner
with your family.
You calling me
your girl and shit.
and now. you all fucked up
that you can't even talk to me?
It's like I don't even know you.
You don't want to know me.
I hurt everybody
that gets close to me.
- I'm a goddamn monster.
- Tommy.
- Get out.
- Wait.
- You're not a monster.
- Get out.
- You're not a monst--
- Would you get the fuck
out of my apartment?
(Exhales)
- Fuck you. Tommy.
- No. wait. LaKeisha.
- LaKeisha.
- Stay the fuck away from me.
LaKeisha. I can explain!
Just--I'm sorry!
(Tense music)
(Phone buzzes)
What the fuck?
(Phone buzzing)
NOW?
GHOST: Tommy?
Tommy. you want to tell me
what's going on. bro?
You haven't said a word
since you got in the car.
So what. I'm supposed to guess?
I just don't feel like talking.
Come on. man. look.
You look like shit.
You smell fucking worse.
What the fuck is
this meeting about. anyway?
Tasha said she couldn't
talk about it over the phone.
I'm assuming it's about Tariq.
but it's bad enough
she wanted us both there. so.
You gots to
sober the fuck up. brother.
Tommy. I'm serious.
Come on. man. what's wrong?
- You was right. Ghost.
- About?
About my...
Teresi.
He was a fucking lying-ass
snitch talking to the Feds.
(Tense music)
I handled it.
What does that mean?
How did you handle it?
It's done.
Believe me. it's done.
So you cleaned up your mess.
You know. I thought
you learned with Holly.
Don't talk about Holly. brother.
What I meant was I thought
you learned way before.
that nothing or no one
should come between us.
We're brothers. that shit runs
deeper than blood. Tommy.
You know that.
But you know what?
The way I figure. now things
can go back to normal. right?
(Tense music)
Right. normal.
Angela. what are
we doing out here?
I'll tell you once we're inside.
(padlock beeping)
We have a big problem.
Terry Silver is back.
and he's asking questions.
What do you mean?
He showed up
at my hotel this morning.
apologized for disappearing.
said that he thought
I was lying about Ghost.
but now. he knows that I wasn't.
I told him to
get the fuck away from me.
Is he still in love with you?
(Tense music)
- Wh--what does that matter?
- Tasha. we're all in danger.
I don't know exactly
why he's back.
but we may need
Terry Silver on our side.
so I need you to keep him close.
by any means necessary.
Yeah. I understand.
Keep fucking him
until you tell me to stop.
I wonder if that shit
is still there.
No way. right?
20 fucking years ago.
- (Soft chuckle)
- I swear to God.
Tasha. what the fuck?
Why you bring her here?
Calm down. okay?
She actually brought us.
- This was her idea.
- Oh. our old high school.
Real cute. Angie.
Angie. I've been calling you
all night. what the fuck?
I haven't been able to answer
because I was in
an interrogation room
on the wrong side of the table.
Wait a minute. you got arrested?
- What the fuck?
- Not yet.
But they gave me
less than 21 hours to decide
if I'm testifying
against all of you.
We got to
check this bitch for a wire.
- Yeah.
BOTH: Not you.
I am not wearing a wire.
I had to
ditch a tail to get here.
How weird
does this make you feel?
- Tommy. come on.
- She's clean.
None of you trust me.
After everything I've done
for each one of you.
- For you. Tasha.
- I know. okay?
And I'm not ignoring that.
but you're just like Ghost.
You always put yourself first.
Wait a minute. Tasha.
How'd I get in this shit?
Well. we're all
on the same team now.
(Tense music)
There is a RICO investigation
into all of us focused on
the Felipe Lobos. Mike Sandoval
murders.
We are all implicated.
because they are saying
we are a corrupt organization
formed for the purpose
of selling drugs.
In order to prove a RICO case.
they have to prove
a series of predicate crimes
each of us has committed.
Why you put that under my name?
I never said I did that shit.
Ghost. you said
we did that shit?
Nope. I didn't say we did shit.
This isn't about what you did.
This is about
what they think you did.
Even though
we all know you did it.
And Tasha. you helped them.
You gave them an alibi.
Don't leave your name
off that list. Angie.
Don't forget about
Mike Sandoval.
What does she
have to do with that?
Oh. she made sure
we knew where to find him.
Is this true. Angie?
You put that in play?
The Feds think that I leaked
Mike Sandoval's information
to you two
to have him killed inside.
GHOST: And you knew
we'd take care of him.
Great.
He knew too much
about me. Jamie.
About us.
(Tense music)
We think this network reaches
much further and wider.
to Andre Coleman.
LaKeisha Grant.
- And Joe Proctor.
- Exactly.
But if we're starting
with the people in charge.
it all comes back to these four.
Including Tasha St. Patrick?
If she alibi'd them
for the Lobos hit.
then she knows exactly what
they are and what they do.
Did you know that she started
out in accounting school
before she married St. Patrick?
It makes sense;
her name's on the books
at LaKeisha Grant's beauty
shop. along with Tommy Egan's.
And that's why we shut it down.
but we didn't find anything.
LaKeisha Grant
doesn't know that.
If they had hard proof
of any of this.
they would have
arrested us all by now.
That's why they're
pressuring me to talk.
- They need a witness.
- We need a witness.
As long as we don't flip.
we're all safe.
As long as these four don't
talk. we can't do anything.
ANGELA: As long as we don't
break team. we all walk.
GHOST: Yeah. but the problem
is. there's more people. right?
Than just the four of us.
More people
know things about us.
ANGELA: So each of us should
take on a potential weakness.
- Jamie. you control Proctor.
- Talk to anyone.
Tasha. you take on...
LaKeisha Grant.
Scare everyone.
I'll handle Andre Coleman.
I have an idea that could
make all of this go away.
And you. sir.
(Dramatic music)
I agreed to help you
only to clear Tasha's name
of these ridiculous charges.
She's innocent.
I'll get her to flip.
Hey. wait. Angie. Angie.
You're supposed to
go out the back. just in case.
It's funny. right?
Us being back here.
The same stairwell.
We only have 20 hours
to make all of this go away.
After that. the indictments
are gonna start coming.
and it'll hit the press.
The world as we know it
will be over.
So then. where do we stand.
right?
I mean. Proctor's
got this idea going. Angie.
that you're going to turn.
If that were true.
would I be here?
Hmm?
I meant what I said in there.
Jamie. if I wanted
to save myself.
I could have done it last night.
And you would never
have seen me again.
I would never
have seen you again.
(Ambient music)
- Do you understand?
- Yeah. I understand.
Wait. Angie. wait. wait.
We'll talk about this later.
when it's over.
When it's over.
(Both moaning)
I'm going
to miss you so much. Dre.
(Danielle Parenz'e's
"Very Last Breath ")
As soon as I find out
where I'm staying.
I'm going to send for you
and baby girl. okay?
- You promise?
- I promise.
DANIELLE:
♪ Judgment it stays ♪
♪ And I know it's there ♪
♪ But you won't
say the words ♪
♪ No. you won't
♪ Gonna kiss goodnight ♪
♪ And now
I'll put up a fight ♪
♪ But you won't
say the words ♪
♪ No. you won't
BOTH: (moaning heavily)
(dramatic music)
(gunshots)
(glass smashes)
- (grunts)
Boy. get the fuck up!
Give me that gun!
The baby. Heaven!
TINA: I got you.
It's okay. It's okay...
Oh. fuck.
- It's okay. baby.
- Oh. my God. Hey. baby.
- Who the fuck is this?
- I don't know. I just--
I don't have time. all right?
Just go to your mom's
until I call you. okay?
- What does that mean?
- Just go to your mom's
till I'll call you.
and talk to nobody.
Daddy loves you. okay?
Daddy loves you.
(Heavy breathing)
Shit.
Let's go with this speech.
Let's put them on some cards. or--
MAK: Councilman Tate.
Can I get a moment of your time?
Ah. you must be the reporter
from The Post.
It's about your relationship
with James St. Patrick.
I'm AUSA John Mak.
(Tense music)
Allow me to show you
to my office.
Can I offer you
some coffee or tea?
No.
Please. have a seat.
You have my attention.
I want your help
as an informant.
If you cooperate.
my office may forgive
some of your wrongdoings.
(soft chuckle)
Uh. Mister Mak. I don't know
what you're talking about.
In the course
of our investigation.
we audited St. Patrick's
nightclub.
And we found some
interesting discoveries
in your finances. too.
I think you'd make
a fine governor.
I would hate
for New York to lose
such a promising candidate.
(Tense music)
What's up?
I got to go to the shop.
(R&B music)
Well. it's actually
about the shop.
So. look. the Feds are
going to be sniffing around.
and I just need to make sure.
you know. that you're still
down to keep your mouth shut
about the money
running through there.
Wow.
You coming over here
and asking me to break the law
for you again without even
thanking me for the last time?
I held it down
for three hours. T.
And you didn't even
call me afterwards
to see if I'm okay.
And it's obvious
I've been crying. right?
Did you even notice?
Do you even care?
You've been crying?
About this?
No!
Not everything
is about you. Tasha!
(sighs)
Okay. I'm sorry.
You're right.
You've had my back 100 times
this year. girl.
and I don't know how to
repay you. but I am trying.
Thank you. okay?
Look. I honestly haven't been
the same since Raina passed.
Sometimes. I don't even know
who I am anymore.
I know.
I'm so sorry. Tash.
(sniffs)
S-so you're not
going to say anything?
(Scoffs)
When have I ever
said shit. Tasha?
I've risked everything
for your family
over and over again.
and you still need me
to prove my loyalty?
Fuck that!
What am I even being loyal to?
Some old purses
that you gave me once?
(Scoffs)
Wow.
I got my own kid to worry about.
and this isn't fair
to either of us.
You know what. you're right.
It's not fair.
It's not.
But just remember. your name's
on those papers. too.
So if we go down. so do you.
- Fuck you.
- Fuck me?
This isn't friendship.
This is blackmail.
Look. I'm sorry about Raina.
but I loved her. too.
Get the fuck out. Tasha.
- Are you serious?
- Yes. get out!
And don't come back!
(Exhales)
(Tense music)
Look. I need you to hold
your end of the deal.
I need witness protection
right now.
I'll get you WITSEC as promised.
But I'm going to need you to do
something else for me first.
I need you to implicate
the Jimenez
in the murders of Felipe Lobos
and AUSA Miguel "Mike" Sandoval.
Say that Alicia
ordered both those hits.
Oh. no. no. no.
Ghost and Tommy killed Lobos.
And I don't know shit
about the second one. so.
You don't
have to know the details.
You just have to state
that Alicia Jimenez
took out Lobos because she
wanted to expand her territory.
and then killed Mike
because he helped her do it
and was a loose end.
You sign the papers. you go
into protection immediately.
New ID. relocation. the works.
- But if you refuse--
- No. no. no. no. no.
I'll do it.
But that's it. nothing else.
Do you hear me?
You're the only one
going into protection. right?
- No family. no girlfriend?
- No. it's me and my daughter.
Look. I don't need the mother.
Just-just make that happen.
a'ight?
Wow. okay.
We can try.
- Stay alive.
- Just hurry the fuck up.
I'll be in touch.
(Dramatic music)
After this morning. I--
I wasn't sure you'd ever
want to see me again.
Come in.
Why did you really
come back. Terry?
I wanted to see you.
Tasha. you said that
you would divorce James
after he got
the Queens Child Project.
Did you mean it?
Yes. I meant it.
- I need to move on.
- Then you should file now.
There's a RICO
mounting against James.
Indictments are coming down
in the next few days.
How do you know that?
(Tense music)
If you initiate the divorce.
the Feds will offer you immunity
to testify against him.
You need to stay
out of prison. Tasha.
For your kids.
For me.
Testify about what?
He didn't do anything.
Tasha. I know you're innocent
morally. but not technically.
Of everyone implicated.
you have the most to lose.
If you take a deal. you can
walk away from everything. hmm?
Start over. with me.
Live the life we both deserve.
SAXE: LaKeisha Grant!
You in the wrong neighborhood.
Actually. I'm exactly
where I need to be.
AU SA Cooper Saxe.
I need to talk to you
about Tasha St. Patrick.
She's an investor in your salon.
I don't fuck with Tasha.
Mm. what about your. uh...
bae. Tommy Egan?
I'm not fucking
with Tommy. either.
Connie Teresi says different.
She and her husband.
Tony. had dinner with
the two of you the other night?
So what?
Tommy's in huge trouble.
and so are you.
We have reason to believe
you're laundering his
drug money through your shop.
I'll give you
a walk on any charges
if you can get Tommy
to flip on James St. Patrick.
Tommy ain't no snitch.
and neither am I.
Really?
Even if Tommy knew
his buddy James
was involved
in his father's death?
(Soft dramatic music)
You're wasting your time.
- Going to the city.
MAN: Yes. ma'am.
James!
I got something for you.
You're not gonna
buy me dinner first?
It was one time.
and under duress.
Jesus Christ!
Besides. that
award-winning performance
is the reason why I am no longer
a viable witness against you.
- But Angela--
- Is not turning on me. Joe.
She's protecting me.
You know what?
They brought her in
for questioning.
And guess what. Joe?
She didn't break.
- You don't get it. James.
- What don't I get?
- Please enlighten me.
- Well. I'll tell you.
My guy. Charlie.
saw FBI Windbreakers
coming for re-questioning
on the Lobos transport.
They're trying to link
you. Tommy. and Angela
to Lobos and Sandoval.
Well. that's funny. Joe.
You know why?
Because you and I sat in an
office. and you were colluding
with me and Tommy
to kill Sandoval. not Angela.
Yeah. and my life has turned
into a fucking hell
because I care enough
to protect you.
Well. listen to this one.
It doesn't matter if it's
me or Angela that's implicated.
Charlie also saw Saxe
talking to Terry Silver.
Silver's back?
And Silver links all of us
to Sandoval through Angela.
(Exhales)
- So if you won't burn her--
- Which I won't.
Then we only got one other shot.
Tommy.
- I should fucking kill you.
- Listen to me.
Okay. it works.
You tell the Feds
that Teresi called Tommy.
told him Sandoval was in the
Manhattan Correctional Center.
Tommy told dear old Dad
to merk Sandoval.
That version
leaves us all out of it.
me. you. and Angela.
If Terry Silver talks.
he looks like a fucking liar.
And I know
what you're going to say.
- You'll never flip on Tommy.
- Which I won't. but you would.
How do I know we can trust you?
You would obviously
protect your daughter first.
That's my flesh and blood.
not some fucking
delusional fairy tale.
I thought
you were smarter than that.
You're getting played.
Come on.
You have to let
this Angela thing go.
(Scoffs)
Bring me anything else
you find out.
I don't have time
for lunch today.
- What's the emergency?
- John Mak came to the salon.
- I'm sorry he bothered you--
- Thank God he did.
You have to take the deal
they're offering.
It's your only way out.
- It's not that easy.
- Yes. it is.
You just sign
their little piece of paper
and tell them
whatever they want.
(Speaking Spanish)
But this decision isn't just
about what you want now.
It's about Papi.
and Junior. and me.
You got to think
about your family.
about your career
that you've worked so hard on.
Are you kidding me?
You don't think
I've been thinking about this
from the beginning?
My career is over. Paz.
no matter what I do.
I have to start over entirely.
Then you start over.
without Jamie.
without any of that.
- It's not about Jamie.
- It's always about Jamie.
Ever since he came back
into your life.
But what is gonna happen
when you lie for him. hmm?
BOTH: (speaking Spanish)
You got to save yourself.
At least you'll be safe.
I mean. we'll be together.
I'm trying to get out of it.
Paz. okay?
I think I have a way.
Can you trust me?
(Somber music)
What are you doing here?
You know we can't
be seen together.
Angie. calmate.
I took necessary precautions.
- What happened with Proctor?
- It's handled.
- How about Dre?
Okay. now we just wait.
see how your plan plays out.
(Exhales)
So. Angela...
what do we do when this is over?
Jamie. are we still the dream?
(Soft music)
As long as you're you.
and I'm me.
we're always gonna be
running from something.
Is this the ending you wanted?
What if it's the new beginning?
We tried that.
Yeah. but not like this.
Now we know the best and worst
parts of each other.
It's better than the dream.
It's real.
When you're standing here
in front of me.
it feels possible.
But the world outside
tells the truth.
(Scoffs) It's like
what Tasha said before. right?
I always save myself.
and so do you.
But now.
we're saving each other.
Let's save each other.
You should go.
I'll see you when it's over.
When it's over.
(Indistinct chatter)
- This is a great day. right?
- Finally.
Man. finally breaking ground
to honor Raina.
Very exciting.
And yet. still not as exciting
as the announcement for your
gubernatorial campaign.
Yeah. about that.
I'm going to postpone
my announcement.
I don't want to distract
from Rama's legacy.
No. Rashad. we made a deal.
We said that the coverage
you got for the announcement
would be a boon for our project.
- That was the original agenda.
- But?
There are rumblings of
a federal investigation
into Tommy Egan.
And that could detract from us.
this project.
which is very important.
Now listen here.
if they ask you to.
you need to cooperate
with them fully.
Nigga. you from this hood.
You want me to snitch on
my last remaining day one?
If you don't. then both of
our careers are on the line.
And any of this shit
blows back onto you.
then I'm gonna have to cooperate
with them if they ask me to.
- I promise you--
- They won't give me a choice. James.
- Listen to me. Rashad.
- Listen. I know how this goes.
Rashad. listen to me!
Now. I just said
it won't get to that.
Everything's under control.
Fucking take a deep breath.
(Dramatic music)
You have my word. I want you
to get up on that stage.
and give these people your word.
Governor Tate.
(Scoffs)
MAN: (indistinct)
All right.
(clears throat)
MAN: Here he is.
Councilman Tate. from Queens!
(applause)
Ladies and gentleman.
before I introduce my partner
of the Queens Child Project.
James St. Patrick.
I would like to make
an announcement of my own.
It is with great honor
that I declare my bid
for governor of New York
in this year's
upcoming election.
(cheers and applause)
I'm throwing my hat
into the ring
to become the first elected
black governor of this
great state of New York!
(cheers and applause)
Without further ado.
my dear partner.
James St. Patrick.
Thank you. Rashad.
And there's no doubt that you and I
will be making history together.
It's been a long road
to get to this groundbreaking.
Through my grief.
I made mistakes.
perhaps even made some enemies
along the way.
But I can assure you.
it was all in pursuit
of keeping a part
of my baby girl alive.
Our baby girl.
My wife. Tasha.
joins me today in this fight.
(cheers and applause)
We are both here in the fight.
and we finally feel
that we've come to a place
where we can say
that the fight has been won.
This center will serve
as a safe haven.
For parents. for children.
It will serve
by giving opportunities
to people away from the streets.
Programs that I wish I had
when I was growing up.
When I was the age
of these kids.
to make my road a lot easier.
So that no father.
no--no mother.
should ever
have to bury their child
due to violence. crime.
and drugs ever again.
(Tense music)
GHOST: Thank you. guys.
All right. let's start digging.
Children. come on up!
One at a time. come on.
step up. come on. come on.
Don't bite me. don't bite me.
Get ready. one. two. three.
(cheers and applause)
- What the hell?
- When were you gonna to tell me that
Terry Silver
was back in town. Tash?
- Who told you that?
- It don't make no never mind.
Did you know?
(scoffs) I didn't know anything
until this very minute.
You see that. Tasha?
I-- I don't know if I
can fucking believe you.
Are you breaking team. huh?
Is that what
you're trying to do here?
Are you kidding me?
What. I'm--I'm--I'm going to
run off with Terry Silver?
You must be
fucking tripping. Ghost.
Well. you can't
run off with him.
because he's working
with the Feds.
Tasha. just stay the fuck away
from Terry Silver.
(Tense music)
I will.
- Good.
- Can I go now?
(engine turns over)
(knocking on door)
TOMMY: Come in!
It's open!
Hey. LaKeisha.
Thank you for coming back.
You cleaned up the place.
(Chuckles)
Yeah. a little bit.
About that...
Oh--come--come on.
come here. have a seat.
(sighs)
I--I--I bought wine.
You want a glass of wine?
I'm good.
I wanted to talk to you
about earlier.
I know I don't look like it.
but I used to be that guy.
dipping in my own product.
Since we've been back together.
I ain't that guy no more.
But this morning.
I-- I was that.
Because your dad's dead.
I'm so sorry. Tommy.
How do you know that?
I didn't snoop. I promise.
This lawyer from
the government. Cooper Saxe.
he came by my place--
What that motherfucker want?
He ask you about me?
He ask you to turn on me?
- Is that it?
- No.
He wants you to flip on Ghost.
And Tommy. he said
if I can't convince you.
then they're gonna
file charges against me.
And if I go to jail. then CPS
is going to take Cash.
Fuck. no. no. no. no. no.
I'm not gonna let them do that.
You can't stop them.
I mean. I know
you ain't no snitch. Tommy.
But I don't see it no other way.
I mean. come on.
After all that Ghost
has put you through?
Does he even deserve
your loyalty?
Tommy. the lawyer said
he killed your pops.
That's a lie.
They'll say anything
to get you to talk.
Hey. since we've been
back together.
I've always
had your back. right?
Even with all this crazy shit
that's popped off.
Have I kept my word?
You threw me out this morning.
And I said I was sorry.
And you said that you was down
for anything.
But if you're not...
If you ain't...
you should snitch.
LaKeisha. you should
save yourself.
save your business.
save your son.
(Dramatic music)
'Keisha.
I wouldn't even blame you.
But if you stay...
I promise I'll protect
you and Cash.
We'll be family.
But you got to be all in.
Okay.
I'm all in.
(Exhales)
- Yo. you good?
- Yeah. I'm good.
You called me to borrow my vest.
Who the fuck put a target
on your back?
Fucking Alicia. dog.
First she demoted me.
then she sent two hitters
to kick in my door
and try to kill me.
My daughter and my baby moms
was in there.
She locked up.
Why would she get you shot up?
I don't know. okay?
I don't know.
But I'm leaving tonight.
where no one can find me.
So I need you to call the
Primeras and collect the money.
and I need you to get
as much cash as I can.
- and get the fuck out of here.
- Money ain't your problem.
If you right. and Alicia
looking for you. she gonna find you.
Look.
Ghost is fucking
a federal prosecutor.
She wants me to say that
Alicia ordered all those hits.
I agreed to say what she wants.
but I ain't gonna say it.
When I get in there.
I'ma tell the truth.
that Ghost and Tommy
are the ones that
planned all the shit
that she's talking about.
- What?
- She don't know.
So when Ghost and Tommy
get picked up.
that solves everything. man.
All my problems get handled.
I can just come back
when shit cool down.
So you telling me
you a goddamn snitch?
Bro. I got a daughter
I got to protect.
You feel me?
So. you got a better plan?
Broc. you say he went
on the run out of town. right?
- Yeah. yeah.
- Something about him catching a body?
Why you ain't try
reaching out to him
instead of snitching?
You know he would
help you hide out.
Yeah. I tried reaching out.
The first person I called.
but he ain't answer. bro.
Look. all I got
is you and Spanky. bro.
So you gonna give me
this money or not?
(Tense music)
I got you.
Respect. man.
Let me get that.
Ay. yo. you hear from Broc.
tell him I said what up.
All right. done deal.
I got you. it's easy.
I got you.
How did you know
about the RICO. Terry?
You keep saying
you want a new life with me.
but you won't even
tell me the truth.
The Feds believe that James
had AUSA Sandoval killed
with Angela's help.
When she told me
that Mike was arrested
and being held at the
Manhattan Correction Center.
she broke the rules.
But it's not just
that you've been asked
to make a statement. is it?
You've been asked
to get me to turn.
- I volunteered. Tasha.
- What?
Working with the Feds
is the only way for me
to have the credibility
to save you.
Tell the Feds everything
you know about James.
You don't owe him anything.
I can't send the father
of my children to prison.
If we're ever going to have a
real chance at being together.
you're gonna need to say that
Angela never told you
about Mike Sandoval or the
Manhattan Correctional Center.
- But I already said she did.
- What about Proctor?
I mean. he's got
dirty clients. burn him.
Blame it on him.
Terry. you let me down before.
Please. don't let me down again.
Okay?
(Soft music)
Please.
(moans)
Yes.
TASHA: (heavy breathing)
Yes...
(rain pattering)
Come on.
You ain't gonna shoot me
in broad daylight.
- No?
- Plus. if I was on some bullshit.
you'd be dead by now.
(laughs)
Oh. yeah?
I know some shit
that'll save your life.
What?
Dre is about to snitch
on you and Ghost.
He planning to meet
with a Fed later tonight.
You got some fucking balls
coming down here
and snitching
on your right-hand man.
(Dramatic music)
I ain't gonna
sit in the fucking rain.
Get in the car.
Why should I trust you?
'Cause I'm the reason
you still got a connect.
That right?
How you mean?
I gave Kanan the drop on Jason.
If it wasn't for me.
Dre and Ghost
would have smoked
that Serbian nigga.
Ghost?
What's Ghost got to do with it?
Ghost made a deal with Dre.
Ghost killed Diego.
Dre killed Jason.
I told Kanan. and he
stopped the hit on your boy.
- I was down with Kanan.
- Yeah. I was. too.
Look. I understand
everything you saying.
But what I can't wrap my head
around
is why you'd come here
and tell me this.
What's your angle?
Kanan said if anything
happened to him.
I should come eat with you.
You got drugs and no people.
Right now.
I got people and no drugs.
Me and you got a common enemy.
Dre's a fucking rat.
And if we work together.
we can get rid of him.
- What's your plan?
- I already set it up.
And he gonna be wearing a vest.
so headshots only.
(Chuckles)
I like that.
I can see why Kanan
fucked with you.
All right. look. I'm in.
Jump out the ride. man.
I gotta make a call.
It's fucking raining.
(Tense music)
This is bullshit.
(line trilling)
(car door shuts)
Hey. look. I got a line on Dre.
I---I'ma clip him. but
I know we're all supposed
to be on the same team.
so I just thought I would share.
Well. what. you got
a fucking better idea?
(Tense music)
Angela!
(Phone keys clacking)
Where the fuck are you. yo?
(Dramatic music)
(dramatic hip-hop music)
(gunshots)
Uh-huh!
(Indistinct rap lyrics)
(shouts indistinctly)
Come on. motherfuckers!
(Indistinct rap lyrics)
Come on!
(yells)
Get in if you want to live.
- Andre Coleman.
- (grunts)
I'm here on behalf of
AUSA Angela Valdes.
If you sign implicating
the Jimenez Cartel
in the pre-agreed charges.
I can take you
into protection now.
Or I could let you back outside.
Tommy.
Tommy!
Why the fuck
you ain't take the shot?
I can give you some more time
to think about it.
Fuck it then. man!
Let's go.
(Phone buzzes)
That's right. you little bitch.
Shit!
You let him fucking
get away. Tommy. man!
You should have shot him
in the fucking face!
I feel bad I ever even
liked that nigga.
- What the fuck. Tommy?
- Y'all want to eat. right?
Let's get you boys
some weight to move.
We back in business.
Come on.
Hurry up. Mister Mak.
Mister Saxe.
Well. looks like a motion
to quash the subpoena
of a one Deleterious Silver.
This is his lawyer. Miss Otombe.
Your client was cooperating
with us.
Your Honor. what's
Mister Hamilton doing here?
Mister Hamilton has informed me
that the government
has a witness. Andre Coleman.
who stipulates that the murders
of Felipe Lobos
and their former colleague.
Mike Sandoval.
were ordered by Alicia Jimenez.
who they have in custody.
Your Honor. this is the first
we're hearing of this.
If they already know
Alicia Jimenez
ordered the murders. then
they no longer need my client
since he has
no connection to her.
What information
could he possibly provide?
Your client already told us
he heard the information
from AUSA Angela Valdes.
That's why Mister Hamilton
is over there.
grinning like the Cheshire cat.
I object to the characterization
of my face. Your Honor.
and I'm only here
as an interested party.
Well. what about it.
Miss Otombe?
Did your client tell Mister Mak
he heard about
Sandoval's whereabouts
from AUSA Valdes or not?
It wouldn't be the first time
a witness felt pressured
by the DOJ to make a statement
under duress.
- That's bullshit.
- Mister Mak.
Testifying for the prosecution
will harm my client's ability
to continue his practice
in criminal law. Your Honor.
What potential defendant
will trust him
if he's working
for the other side?
I sympathize.
I see your reasoning.
- Your Honor--
- But Mister Silver
is still an officer
of the court.
He has to appear and tell
the truth. no matter what.
And where is your client
right now. Miss Otombe?
He should have been here
half an hour ago.
What the fuck. John?
You're leaving?
Angela never pulled
that recommendation
she gave me for the DC job.
I got it. and I'm out of here.
Come on.
you can't bail on me now.
leave me standing here
with my dick in my hand.
I know we lost our leverage
on Angela
with the Sandoval murder. but
we still got a witness
against Egan and St. Patrick.
- Who?
- Maria Suarez.
She called me today.
She--she saw
St. Patrick out in Queens.
and she's
pretty fucking worked up.
And we--we still have
Teresi's testimony on tape.
Yeah. but Teresi's dead.
and it's not gonna be
admissible in court.
Wha--
There are other ways to use it.
We just--we have to be creative.
Come on. look.
I'm going to call Proctor.
and then I'm gonna
go for a ride and stir shit up.
You in?
I'm fucking out of here.
This is bullshit. man.
You're letting them win.
(Somber music)
Good luck. Saxe.
(indistinct TV chatter)
(knocking on door)
- Who the fuck is that?
- I don't know.
(knocking on door)
(whispers)
'Keisha. turn that shit off!
Go hide in the back.
Fuck you want?
(Tense music)
Oh. I just wanted
to extend my condolences
in person about your old man.
Too bad your
former business partner.
St. Patrick and his girlfriend.
had your dad murdered.
That's a lie.
Angela knew Teresi was a snitch.
See. a guy in our office.
John Mak.
told her in exchange for
getting a new job in DC.
God damn. you all are dirty.
Sure.
we color outside the lines.
But Angela knew.
and you know she shared it
with St. Patrick.
That makes her
the dirtiest of them all.
Teresi was a snitch.
He deserved to die.
no matter how it happened.
You sure about that?
Would it change anything if you
knew who he was snitching on?
(Recorder beeps)
TERESI: Mike Sandoval?
Tommy didn't have
nothing to do with it.
(heavy breathing)
Because honestly.
Tommy's kept me at arm's length
about anything important.
I got nothing on him.
But I can give you
St. Patrick. Ghost. on a stake.
(recorder clicks)
If it were me.
I'd seriously consider
flipping on Angela and Ghost.
I mean. they've certainly
turned on you.
Your father loved you.
The tape proves it.
If you got people
expecting you somewhere...
I would go find them.
(Scoffs)
I'll. uh...
fuck off.
Say hi to LaKeisha for me.
TERESI: Mike Sandoval?
Tommy didn't have
nothing to do with it.
Because honestly.
Tommy's kept me at arm's length
about anything important.
I got nothing on him.
(Recorder beeps)
TERESI: Mike Sandoval?
Tommy didn't have
nothing to do with it.
Because honestly.
Tommy's kept me at arm's length
about anything important.
I got nothing on him.
You did it. right?
(Soft sob)
Your dad.
(Somber music)
That's why you said you always
hurt people that love you?
He told me...
Before I did it.
He said he didn't snitch on me.
I didn't believe him.
You couldn't.
You understand
why I did what I did?
Yeah.
And that's why
we had to get away
from Ghost and Tasha. Tommy.
Ghost was supposed
to be your family.
He could've come to me
if he knew about Teresi.
He didn't say a goddamn word.
And then. this morning. when
I told him that I did it...
(tense music)
I gotta go out.
I know.
Tommy.
I'll be here when you get back.
(Soft dramatic music)
- Tasha. come in.
- Thanks.
Have a seat.
Can I get you anything?
I'm having white.
but I can open a bottle of red.
- No. white is fine.
- Great.
(lock clicks)
Go ahead and throw
your things anywhere.
Mm-hmm. thanks.
Convincing Terry
not to show up to testify
was a gamble.
and a much riskier plan
than having him perjure himself.
He must care about you a lot.
That wasn't my plan.
He was supposed to show.
I think that was your plan
with Ghost.
Tasha. that's not true.
How else did Ghost know
that Silver was back?
I only told you.
I haven't talked to Jamie
since this morning.
Maybe Silver left town again?
I didn't tell him.
TOMMY: Oh. so you didn't
tell Ghost
that Teresi was talking
to the Feds. either?
(Tense music)
Yes. that I told Jamie.
To protect you.
to protect everyone.
I told Jamie
to tell you about it.
- What's going on here?
- What do you think?
- Whoa. hey. hey. hey.
- Well. Ghost didn't say shit to me.
He went to Vincent Ragni.
And Vincent had me kill Teresi.
Your buddy. "Ballsacks."
paid me a little visit.
He played me a tape
where Teresi was talking
about Ghost.
Didn't say shit about me.
And that's why
you two broke team.
- No--
- To protect yourselves.
That's not true!
You don't know how long
I've been waiting for this.
It's time for you to go. Angela.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
How did Vincent prove to you
that Teresi was snitching?
Pictures. did he
show you pictures?
Yeah. the pictures
that you gave Ghost.
You need to get those back.
because you can see
Saxe's desk in them.
I'm the one
who took those photos
of those pictures on his desk.
They'll trace back to me.
then to you.
Saxe won't have
any reason to believe
that Jamie would go to the
Italians with that information.
- (whimpers)
- No. Tommy.
I can't believe
I'm saying this shit.
Go. Tommy.
We'll deal
with this bitch later.
(Dramatic music)
Tasha. I swear. I didn't
have Jamie kill Silver.
If he broke team.
he did that on his own.
Would you be surprised
if he did?
(Scoffs)
(door opens. shuts)
(sighs)
No.
Tommy.
I'm going to pour you
the biggest goddamn shot
you ever had in your life.
That's all right.
I can't stay.
Another time. then.
Look. I know
I asked a lot of you.
But you did this family right.
So because of that.
whatever happened before
is behind us.
Where'd you get 'em?
Huh?
Them pictures of Teresi talking.
Does it matter?
I killed my father for you.
for your family.
Tell me the truth.
(Tense music)
Your friend.
black guy in a suit.
He gave you those pictures
so you would
kill Teresi for ratting?
No.
He wanted you to do it.
Let me get you those photos.
You got interesting taste
in friends. Tommy.
And I understand.
It's hard finding people we
can trust to go the hard way.
people who get it.
get this life.
people who see in you
what no one else wants to see...
That we're monsters.
Anyway-
At least it's over.
Not yet.
One more thing I gotta do.
CHARLES: I don't have good
news for you. Angela.
The case against James
St. Patrick may not be over.
A friend of mine was able
to slip me a witness statement
from a few weeks ago.
Jesus. I thought it was over.
I thought we'd won.
(Tense music)
Who's the witness?
Have you ever heard the name
Maria Suarez?
No.
Well. according
to her statement.
Maria and her boyfriend. Miguel.
were kidnapped by Tommy Egan
and some of his guys.
They were taken to the basement
of the Truth nightclub.
where James St. Patrick.
who Tommy's guys called Ghost.
killed Miguel.
- Did Maria escape?
- No.
She said Ghost let her go.
And there's something else.
You were right about. urn.
Terry Silver.
He is missing.
But how did you know?
(Dramatic music)
(Elevator dings)
James.
The case isn't over.
They have a witness against you.
And she is willing to testify.
You hear that?
She. a woman.
A woman who could
identify you as Ghost.
Now. who the hell could that be?
See. I know how Tasha felt
when you were inside.
She would not
send you back there.
For the sake of the kids.
Look. listen.
there's only one explanation.
Okay. there's only--
There's only one woman left.
Now. you know
I hate to be wrong.
But sometimes.
I really hate to be right.
So what are you
gonna do about it. James?
Hey.
Why did you want to meet here?
Just been thinking a lot.
Angie. about...
how we got caught
making out in this stairwell.
about that last slice of pizza
I took you to get
before you left for Choate...
About how long I've loved you.
I've always loved you.
Even when I hated you.
I still loved you. too.
I've always loved you.
too. Jamie.
What did you mean today
when you said
"I always save myself.
and so do you"?
(Ominous music)
I meant that we both look out
for our own survival.
And sometimes that means
that I hurt you.
Sometimes that means
you hurt me. too.
Proctor said the case
against me isn't over.
He said there's
a witness against me. Angie.
Said the witness is a woman.
Is that woman you. Angie?
Is that how you hurt me
for your own survival?
That's why you asked me here?
To figure out if I was
testifying against you?
Are you?
No.
Then who's the woman?
(Pounds locker)
I thought we were supposed
to be honest with each other.
If we're being honest
with each other. Jamie.
what the hell happened
to Terry Silver. hm?
Did you kill him?
You don't trust me.
And you don't trust me.
Did you kill Terry Silver?
It's over.
If we can't be honest
with each other.
there's nowhere we can go.
I know we said that
we would get back together
when this was over.
but I think this. us.
needs to finally
be done as well.
Good-bye. Jamie.
(phone ringing)
I didn't do it. Angie.
(Suspenseful music)
I didn't kill him.
I want to believe you.
So believe me.
(Tender music)
(tense dramatic music)
(muffled grunting)
I love you. Angie.
(silenced gunshot)
(gasps)
(gasping)
(yells)
- Jamie. Jamie.
- I'm here. shh. shh.
- Jamie...
- I'm here.
Come here. come here.
GHOST: No. no. no.
Angie?
Angie!